# Chatbot

Chatbot service is a chatbot which provides functionality to the user to access PGR module services like file complaint, track complaint, notifications from whatsapp. Currently citizen has three options to start conversation scan QR code, give missed call or directly send message to configured whatsapp number.

### DB UML Diagram

- Add the UML diagram for the DB here

### Service Dependencies

- egov-user : All the users interacting through chatbot will be stored in the egov-user service. Chatbot does not store any user information such as mobile number.
- egov-localization : The chatbot is made such that it will store localization codes and the actual text value will be fetched only at the end. This way we can provide multi-lingual support. Localization service is also used to construct messages from templates. This dependency can be eliminated if you want to pass values instead of localization codes.
- egov-filestore : It is a dependency if you want to send/receive any file. This includes sending PDF/Image files.
- egov-url-shortening : For shorting links sent to the user
- egov-mdms-service : For loading mdms data
- egov-location : For loading locality data

### Swagger API Contract

Link to the swagger API contract yaml and editor link like below

http://editor.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/egovernments/core-services/master/docs/common-contract.yml#!/


## Service Details

<write Details about the service>

### API Details

<Detail about each API, what it does and any specific behaviours about the API>

### Kafka Consumers

- Details on which consumers are there and what they do

### Kafka Producers

- Details on which topics and what events are generated by service
